README.md, before:

# gadgets

A repo to keep track of interesting gadgets and toys that I find or someone
tells me about. These are things that I might own already, desperately am
waiting to be released, or want in the future.

- [Teenage Engineering](https://teenage.engineering): Toys for audio, like
  wireless synthesizers. Great looking hardware design.
    - I got the [OP-Z](https://teenage.engineering/store/op-z/) and the 
      [PO-137 rick and morty](https://teenage.engineering/store/po-137/), as 
      well as the modules for the OP-Z: 
      [oplab](https://teenage.engineering/products/op-z/modules/oplab)
      and
      [rumble](https://teenage.engineering/products/op-z/modules/rumble)[^1].
    - I got the [impossible I-1](https://teenage.engineering/designs/I-1) 
      old-school polaroid camera[^6]. 
      If they are out of the film you can order it 
      from [Polaroid](https://us.polaroid.com/collections/film-for-polaroid-600-cameras).
      Just make sure it is type 600.
- [Love Hulten](http://www.lovehulten.com/): Tech + wood crafting meet retro
    gaming. Interesting that in some instances it is just a raspberry pi inside
    and has other failings like mono audio.[^2] Perhaps not a problem with 
    more recent creations.
- [Analogue Pocket](https://www.analogue.co/pocket/): Handheld device for
    playing old game cartridges. Awesome hardware design. However can only take
    cartridges, not ROMs. This is an explicit design decision.
- [play.date](https://play.date/): Handheld gaming device made by Panic! and
    Teenage Engineering. Amazing hardware design featuring a hand crank.
- [8bitdo](https://www.8bitdo.com/): Retro game controllers made wireless.
- [Polymega](https://www.polymega.com/): Swiss army knife of retro gaming
    consoles. Skeptical since it is not an FPGA, could also just be their
    marketing doesn't show off their hardware like the Analogue marketing 
    does.
- [RED Camera](https://www.red.com/): Cinema quality, 8K, cameras. You can
    attach any lens to these. The quality is really great and some folks swear
    by them[^3]. They have some great documentation around their sensors as
    well[^4].
- [Probe Lens](https://www.venuslens.net/product/laowa-24mm-f-14-2x-macro-probe/):
    Along with the RED camera brain from above, this lens allows for some really
    fun shots[^5]. Would be fun for hardware PCB boards or up close on a product.
    It has a light built in since it needs a lot of light for a great picture.

[^1]: https://twitter.com/jessfraz/status/1253117708683448321
[^2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1DcxuKIDCc
[^3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKyul7puruQ
[^4]: https://www.red.com/red-101
[^5]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFZ0MFYup-o
[^6]: https://twitter.com/jessfraz/status/1278122911488860160

Commit message:

turntable
Signed-off-by: Jess Frazelle <jess@oxide.computer>

README.md, after:

# gadgets

A repo to keep track of interesting gadgets and toys that I find or someone
tells me about. These are things that I might own already, desperately am
waiting to be released, or want in the future.

- [Teenage Engineering](https://teenage.engineering): Toys for audio, like
  wireless synthesizers. Great looking hardware design.
    - I got the [OP-Z](https://teenage.engineering/store/op-z/) and the 
      [PO-137 rick and morty](https://teenage.engineering/store/po-137/), as 
      well as the modules for the OP-Z: 
      [oplab](https://teenage.engineering/products/op-z/modules/oplab)
      and
      [rumble](https://teenage.engineering/products/op-z/modules/rumble)[^1].
    - I got the [impossible I-1](https://teenage.engineering/designs/I-1) 
      old-school polaroid camera[^6]. 
      If they are out of the film you can order it 
      from [Polaroid](https://us.polaroid.com/collections/film-for-polaroid-600-cameras).
      Just make sure it is type 600.
- [Love Hulten](http://www.lovehulten.com/): Tech + wood crafting meet retro
    gaming. Interesting that in some instances it is just a raspberry pi inside
    and has other failings like mono audio.[^2] Perhaps not a problem with 
    more recent creations.
- [Analogue Pocket](https://www.analogue.co/pocket/): Handheld device for
    playing old game cartridges. Awesome hardware design. However can only take
    cartridges, not ROMs. This is an explicit design decision.
- [play.date](https://play.date/): Handheld gaming device made by Panic! and
    Teenage Engineering. Amazing hardware design featuring a hand crank.
- [8bitdo](https://www.8bitdo.com/): Retro game controllers made wireless.
- [Polymega](https://www.polymega.com/): Swiss army knife of retro gaming
    consoles. Skeptical since it is not an FPGA, could also just be their
    marketing doesn't show off their hardware like the Analogue marketing 
    does.
- [RED Camera](https://www.red.com/): Cinema quality, 8K, cameras. You can
    attach any lens to these. The quality is really great and some folks swear
    by them[^3]. They have some great documentation around their sensors as
    well[^4].
- [Probe Lens](https://www.venuslens.net/product/laowa-24mm-f-14-2x-macro-probe/):
    Along with the RED camera brain from above, this lens allows for some really
    fun shots[^5]. Would be fun for hardware PCB boards or up close on a product.
    It has a light built in since it needs a lot of light for a great picture.
- [Sonos Turntable](https://www.sonos.com/en-us/shop/pro-ject-debut-carbon-esprit-turntable-walnut.html):
    The ability to listen to a record in a modern way is very compelling. The
    design of these is also beautiful.

[^1]: https://twitter.com/jessfraz/status/1253117708683448321
[^2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1DcxuKIDCc
[^3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKyul7puruQ
[^4]: https://www.red.com/red-101
[^5]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFZ0MFYup-o
[^6]: https://twitter.com/jessfraz/status/1278122911488860160
